# June 12th, 2018 b{DEV DUMP}b

<http://chattypics.com/files/HipsterHacker_p15l5sh3n8.jpg>

## g{Links you've already clicked}g

### The Story Behind Susan Kare's Iconic Design Work for Apple

<https://milanote.com/the-work/the-story-behind-susan-kares-iconic-design-work-for-apple>

It will take you less than 5 minutes. Just read this. I have a hell of a lot of appreciation for someone I didn't even know existed until now.

### Your Menstrual App is Probably Selling Data About Your Body

<https://broadly.vice.com/en_us/article/8xe4yz/menstrual-app-period-tracker-data-cyber-security>

When I think about all the apps I downloaded for free up until 4 years ago it makes me shudder. On one hand we were never explicitly sold the idea that free apps were only advertising based, but I think that was a common assumption. My worry is that I'll end up working for a company that is involved in practices like these. How would you even avoid that these days (unless you're in the EU)?

### Escaping the Vicious Cycle of Plan and Execute

<https://hackernoon.com/escaping-the-vicious-cycle-of-plan-execute-3f5885fb16db>

Another article that is purely here to help me understand the culture of the job I'm hoping to obtain. Are cycles like these really common? Or does your employer embrace failure and adapt easier? I actually see a lot of this cycle on a small scale in myself. I committed to bringing my Dev Dump Archive up this week and, despite setback after setback, continued to tackle the problem even when an easier solution was in sight. Being blinded because of an arbitrary goal is definitely something I need to look out for and avoid.