# Wednesday, June 20, 2018 b{DEV DUMP}b

<http://chattypics.com/files/GruAddsCSS_ch0in8yqg6.png>

## g{Links you've already Clicked}g

### Diablo 1 Source Code (mostly) Reverse Engineered and Hosted on GitHub

<https://github.com/galaxyhaxz/devilution>

Thanks to dognose and RomSteady for vetting this before I linked it.

It's certainly not the first time it's been done but most of the groups that have reversed engineered the source code for Diablo 1 have kept their code close to the chest. Here is a repo with the main chunk of the source code reverse engineered for your perusal / modding needs. Or if you're sick like me and believe you might be able to understand something about it because you vertically centered a div last night. Note that you would still need a few data paks to run the game so this is by no means "FREE DIABLO!"

### AirBnB: We are Sunsetting React Native

<https://medium.com/airbnb-engineering/sunsetting-react-native-1868ba28e30a>

I'm working my way through the entire article but I found this odd. The majority of developers at AirBnB liked working with React Native, would work with React Native again, the list of pros in their earlier articles vastly outweighed the cons (Although I concede that a few items on their con list are weighted heavier) and yet they're sunsetting React Native. Would any devs like to weigh in on the whys here?

### Git from Zero to Hero: Starting With Foundations

<https://hackernoon.com/git-from-zero-to-hero-starting-with-foundations-e42e49b524c5>

I always like reading about how the tools I'm using work beyond what I need to know to actually use them. This article succinctly lays out what's going on inside your Head when you make a commit and how Git manages versions between commits. While I had a higher level understanding that each blob didn't hold a full account of the files being worked with it was nice to see it layed out in plain english exactly how Git references unchanged files along with changed files.

